[AKIRA breathing heavily]
[grunting]
[gun firing]
[breathing heavily]
[all groaning]
[shouts]
[grunting]
[breathing heavily]
[KENSHO humming]
[gun firing]
[humming]
[AKIRA grunting]
- [inhales sharply]
Mmm!
[all growling]
- [shouts]
[breathing heavily]
[chuckles]
[AKIRA grunting]
Man, stay-at-home camping really
is the best!
You can hardly even tell
we're in
the middle of Tokyo right now!
- I agree.
It's amazing!
KENCHO: Oh, uh, do you
mind clearin' the table?
Food's ready.
AKIRA: Sure.
KENCHO: There you go.
AKIRA: All right!
Time to eat!
[chomping]
Mmm!
[rapid chewing]
Yum, what is this?
It's like seafood
but something's different!
- Wow, I'm surprised
you noticed!
The secret ingredient is ham.
- [gasps]
Ah.
You really can just do anything,
can't you, Kencho?
AKIRA: No wonder you're
so popular.
- Nah, come on.
You're tellin' me you don't
know how to cook?
It's no wonder you can't get
a date, then.
- [groans]
Why, you!
It's a sensitive insecurity
of mine!
Just you watch!
I'll get a girlfriend!
- Yeah, yeah.
I'll believe it when I see it.
- Good, 'cause you're gonna see
it today!
- Yeah, and how do you plan
on doing that?
[distant groaning]
[repeated farting]
[farting continues]
Well...
Good luck!
- [stammering]
[KANA-BOON's "Song of the Dead"]
- Let's see.
"100 Things I Want
to Do Before Becoming a Zombie."
KENCHO: You want to wine
and dine a flight attendant?
That's a pretty tall order, bud.
[gunfire]
- Quitting my job opened
my eyes.
I'm doing everything
I ever wanted
no matter how difficult
it might be.
- I guess working at
an exploitative company
that long is bound to screw
with your head after a while.
There's nowhere near
100 things here.
AKIRA: Nice!
- Hmm.
Oh, hey!
Can I add my stuff?
- Huh?
No, it's my list!
[grunts]
Aw, crap, I died!
- And for number 34,
become a stand-up comic.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, stop!
- [laughs]
- It makes it look like I'm
the one who wants
to become the stand-up comic!
KENCHO: Nah, who cares?
We'll just make this my list,
too.
That should fix things.
[chuckles]
If you hadn't saved me
back there,
I'd be rotting
in some love hotel.
From here on out,
consider me along for the ride.
- [gasps]
Kencho!
As our first stop,
can we hit up Ikebukuro?
Please?
I wanna get
a huge widescreen TV!
[engine revving]
- So much for bein' a comic!
To get into showbiz I need
to go through a training school,
get an agent,
or an apprenticeship!
Talk about a pain in the ass.
- You don't need a mentor
for your naked jokes!
- Ah, you say that like it's
the only bit I have.
AKIRA: Oh, I meant to ask,
Kencho.
Why do you wanna become a comic?
- Huh?
Well...
KENCHO: Ever since I was a kid,
I loved watching comedy shows.
I guess as long
as I can remember,
this is what I've wanted.
It's always been my dream.
AKIRA: His dream, huh?
Hold on.What was my
dream to begin with?
Was getting hired by that
company really what I've
been dreaming of my entire life?
- Akira!
- [gasps]
[tires squealing]
[gasps]
AKIRA: A dead end.
KENCHO: I guess we're gonna have
to find another way there.
AKIRA: Man, what a pain.
My widescreen TV's
just within reach!
[booming]
[both gasping]
[tires squealing]
[both shouting]
- Hold up,
is that a tanker?
Crap, this isn't good!
- [grunts]
KENCHO: If that thing
crashes here...
Hey, what do we do?
- [grunts]
[AKIRA gasps]
- Akira!
[tires squealing]
[KENCHO grunts]
Are you listening?
We have to do something!
- [grunts]
[tires squealing]
[engine revving]
- Hey, do you have a plan?
- Hmm?
- [grunts]
Wait, are you gonna...
[tires squealing]
Go for it?
[engine revving]
- [grunts]
KENCHO: He really is goin'
for it!
[shouting]
[tires squealing]
[engine revving]
- [grunts]
- Whoa!
[shouting]
- [snarls]
- [screams]
- [groans]
[laughs]
Seriously?
We're cuttin' through
the underground mall on
a motorcycle?
Whoa!
[both shouting]
[all groaning]
[groaning]
Ah, there's zombies down here,
too?
- Kencho, to your right!
- Huh?
Ah! Sweet!
On the other side
of that thing--
- Might be an electronics store!
- Who cares about--
- Come on, let's go! Hurry!
Just follow the scent
of the TVs, Kencho!
- You're somethin' else!
You know that?
- Ready, and, go!
[all groaning]
[both breathing heavily]
Oh, man, that was exhausting.
KENCHO: Who knew getting' a hold
of a TV would be this much work?
[both groaning]
- Hey.
[flashlight clicks off]
Are you two healthy?
[both gasping]
I mean, you haven't
been infected, have you?
- Nope, we're totally fine!
- [exhales sharply]
Oh, good.
We're not
the only survivors here.
- How is anything
about this good?
We're trapped on all sides
by zombies, for crying out loud!
- We're all going to die.
It's over.
- I can't take this anymore!
It's too much for me!
[whimpering]
- Uh, who knows?
Maybe they'll move on after
a while
and mess with somebody else.
KENCHO: Well, we're stuck in
the basement
of a department store,
so we should be set on food.
All we can do now is try
and stay positive.
- [whimpers]
- Anyways...
REIKA: One thing's for sure.
I'm gonna need a drink or two
to get through this mess.
- I'm right there with ya.
- [exhales]
You want some?
- Huh?
- I guess it couldn't hurt us
to have some.
REIKA: Heads up.
[both stammering]
While we're at it,
wanna help me look
for some snacks?
- Oh, sure.
KENCHO: Uh, yeah!
I'll help, too.
AKIRA: Huh?
MAKI: I'm surprised
this place hasn't been trashed.
YUKARI: Uh, I think
I found some ham!
REIKA: Good find!
KENCHO: Oh, nice!
[grunts]
MAKI: So, uh, should we
introduce ourselves
or what?
- [gasps]
MAKI: Oh, hold on a second.
I think there's some--
- Hey, Kencho.
- Yeah?
AKIRA: This is...
KENCHO: Startin'
to kinda feel like...
both: We're wining
and dining!
- [whimpering]
- [muttering]
- I'm Kenichiro Ryuzaki,
this is Akira,
and this guy over hers is, uh...
- It's all over for us.
We're dead.
- We'll come back to him.
- Name's Reika.
- And I'm Maki.
- My name is Yukari.
[all groaning]
- [gulping]
- [groans]
Oh, the two of us
are college buddies.
How 'bout you three?
You guys seem like friends.
Are you coworkers?
- Pretty much.
Our last flight was returning
from LAX.
REIKA: When we arrived in Japan,
this happened.
[both gasping]
- Wait, so you mean you three
are actually...
- [exhales]
Yeah, we're flight attendants.
[echoing]
[both shouting]
- Can I get you anything?
- Would you like beef
or chicken?
- Good morning,
all passengers.
- No way! We're...
- I can't believe it
but we're really...
All: Nice to meet you!
Thank you for having us!
Both: Wining and dining!
We're wining and dining
flight attendants!
[all groaning]
[all whimpering]
- It's all over.
- [whimpering]
MAN: We're going to die.
- Gimmie a break.
Can we do something about
that noise?
[groaning]
I need more booze.
- Wh--what should I do?
This is my chance to wine
and dine flight attendants!
But they look like
they're miserable!
Aww, this is bad!
All I focused on back
in college was rugby,
and all I focused on
at work was work!
I have no idea what to do
in this kind of situation!
Ah! Focus!
I need to bring up a topic!
Something, anything!
Just do it!
[grunts]
So, uh--
- [gasps]
- Yukari, right?
[chuckles nervously]
You don't happen to have
a boyfriend, do you?
- Seriously?
Are you really asking me
that question right now?
- She's right!
This is the worst time
to ask that!
I totally blew my chance!
There's gotta be a way for me
to turn this around!
I know!
Kencho can be my wing man!
KENCHO: Your nails
look fantastic!
How often does
a lady like you get a manicure?
- I get them done once
a week back home in Hakata.
- You gotta be kidding me.
You're from Hakata, too?
- Don't go
solo on me now!
And he's even making
physical contact!
Talking about their hometown
brought them even closer?
They're in a world of their own
at this point!
Ah, I wish I had Kencho's
good looks,
or even half of
his charisma!
- Huh?
- [gasps]
Kencho?
- Uh?
[smirks]
- [shouts]
- It's no wonder you can't get
a date, then.
- Just you watch!
I'll get a girlfriend!
Good, 'cause you're gonna see
it today!
I--I can't let
it end up like this!
After all, I wanna get cozy with
a flight attendant, too!
both: Huh?
I'd rather be eaten by a zombie
than let this chance pass me by!
If I'm goin' down,
I'm goin' down swingin'!
My name is Akira Tendo,
and I held a job
for three years
at a very
exploitative corporation!
Behold my resolve as I snort
this tequila in one go!
[gagging]
- I don't know
if snortin' tequila's
the way to show that, bud.
- Uh...
[groans]
[cackling]
Keep goin', gofer boy!
You got this!
- [gagging]
- I'll do you one better!
Yeah!
[all laughing]
KENCHO: Who's dancin' with me?
A strainer, a strainer!
Ooh, another strainer!
- [gags]
[all laughing]
After that we had
a surprisingly good time.
[vomiting]
[coughing]
[flushing]
[groans]
Maybe slamming
that tequila wasn't
the best idea.
I failed but as your friend,
Kencho,
I hope you score with Maki.
[vomiting]
- Are you--
- [gasps]
Hmm?
- Are you all right?
I was worried.
[chuckles]
- Huh?
KENCHO: What do you say
we check out
the bedding store upstairs?
AKIRA: Could it...
Could it be that...
- [gulping]
- [whimpering]
AKIRA: Maybe--maybe I still have
a second chance
with a flight attendant?
[all groaning]
REIKA: Just shut up already!
Anyway, the airline industry's
nothing but a shadow
of its glory days.
Thanks to the price war,
our pay doesn't increase.
The only thing that does
is our work hours
and 'cause of that
my back's always aching!
And don't get me started on
the dry air in planes!
My skin's so damn cracked,
I can forget
about getting married!
What the hell?
Don't think you can get
all handsy with
a flight attendant,
you pervert!
My elite status
as a flight attendant
is all that's keeping
me together!
I never would let
a guy like you--
[gasps]
- [roars]
[REIKA screams]
- [gasps]
What was that scream?
Did someone get hurt?
- Huh? What?
- I got
a bad feelin' about this.
MAKI: Who cares?
Can we go again now?
One more time?
KENCHO: I'd love to,
but we gotta--oh!
- [breathing heavily]
Ah, thank you.
I'm starting to feel
a whole lot better.
[YUKARI giggles lightly]
Thank goodness.
- [gasps]
[grunts]
Um, Yukari?
- [gasps]
- So, uh, what made you
so worried that you wanted
to check up on me?
- Uh--
[chuckles]
It's just...
- [swallows]
- You drank so much back there,
I wanted to make sure you
were okay.
What you did back there
would make anyone worried.
- Oh, right.
That makes sense.
I mean, who would ever fall
for the tequila snorter guy?
- And to answer the question
you asked earlier,
I have a boyfriend.
It's just that,
with everything going on,
we lost contact but I'm sure
he's alive and waiting for me.
- Thank you!
Thank you for letting me dream,
even if it was just
for a brief moment!
But that means she
was genuinely worried.
And came here
to check on me.
What a kind person.
[MAKI groaning]
KENCHO: Reika, you okay?
Oh!
Ah, there you are.
Thank goodness.
I was worried.
I heard you scream and thought--
oh.
Somethin' bad--
[stammering]
- [groaning]
- Ah, you gotta be kidding!
[glass shatters]
[roaring]
- Reika, stop!
- Huh?
- [roaring]
- [gasps]
Oh, whoa!
Ah, Maki!
- [snarling]
- [shouting]
[gasps]
- [roaring]
- [grunts]
[breathing heavily]
Oh, I killed her!
She was a zombie,
but I killed her!
KENCHO: I'm sorry!
I really am!
[gasps]
Hold on!
KENCHO: Where's the old guy?
Hey, Akira.
You said that you worked
at an exploitative company
for three years,
didn't you?
It's my third year as well
so I think I might know
how you feel.
- Huh?
YUKARI: Flights at all hours,
constant jet lag,
and always feeling exhausted.
Despite all that,
I continued because I believed
the passengers lives
are much better for it,
though they don't always
act like it.
The other day,
an older man got so angry about
his flight being delayed
that he lashed out
and called us a bunch
of flying waitresses
in front of everybody.
- [exhales]
That's horrible.
What a jerk.
- When I heard his words,
it made me question why I worked
so hard in the first place.
[gasps]
In the end,
it's my mistake for thinking
this job would be everything
I made it out to be.
The glamorous job I dreamt
of it being.
- [groans]
[inhales sharply]
AKIRA: For me, I just felt like
I had to get a job.
It was my dream to work
at a glamorous
production company 'cause
it seemed like an industry that
had everything going for
it.
It was nothing like I thought
it would be.
I said I quit because
of the exploitation.
But now that I
think about it,
the things I aspire to do were
all things somebody else dreamt
of doing and not me.
That's right.
It was all just
a borrowed dream.
- [gasps]
- Whose dream was it
to become
a flight attendant someday?
- Uh?
- If it was your dream
and still is,
then just keep doing it!
Who cares about what some grumpy
old guy thinks?
- [gasps]
[stammering]
Then I--
[gasps]
[groaning]
- Yukari, no!
[both groaning]
- [grunting]
[shouts]
- [groaning]
- Yukari, are you okay?
- [exhales]
[groaning]
- [shuddering]
Yukari, your neck!
- It's fine!
- [gasps]
- Hurry up.
Get going.
- No way!
I can't just leave you here!
Not after everything
we talked about!
I wanna do more of that!
- [groans]
- Yukari!
[breathing heavily]
- Earlier when I
was rubbing your back,
I remembered something.
I remembered my first time
flying on a plane as a kid.
YUKARI: I was so miserable
from being airsick.
Just when I felt my worst,
a flight attendant started
gently rubbing
my back like this.
I can still remember how happy
it made me.
It was in that moment I knew
I wanted to become
a flight attendant just like her
when I grew up.
- [groaning]
- [crying]
- So, yes, it was my dream,
and I love what I do,
despite its hard moments.
- Your dream, huh?
[crying]
That's great!
Maybe someday I'll find
my own dream job!
- [roaring]
[both gasping]
- [zombie roaring]
YUKARI: You know what?
Today was wonderful!
It truly felt like a real party.
It was fun, wasn't it?
- [crying]
[wailing]
- [grunting]
- Ah, Kencho?
- [gasps]
- Akira, there you are!
Maki's trying to kill me!
We gotta split!
- [breathing heavily]
KENCHO: But check out
what I found.
- Huh?
- A widescreen TV!
How's this!
I nabbed this one for ya, huh?
- Huh?
[chuckles]
[laughing]
That's awesome, Kencho!
KENCHO: All right!
The zombies are nowhere
in sight!
Let's get outta here!
[engine revving]
- [zombie groans]
KENCHO: By the
time I noticed,
Maki turned zombie and
was coming after me, too.
I think I've been traumatized
by flight attendants.
[gunfire]
[gunfire continues]
[music clangs]
[chill music]
♪♪ ♪♪
As long as I can remember,
this is what I've wanted.
It's always been my dream.
- So, yes, it was my dream,
and I love what I do,
despite its hard moments.
[pen scribbling]
[Shiyui's
"Happiness of the Dead"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[upbeat music]